DOCS-7016 backup and restore info (#183)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-backup-restore.adoc

MuleSoft highly recommends configuring hourly backups. Store your backup archive on external storage outside 
the Runtime Fabric cluster.

[NOTE]

> The state of Runtime Fabric is distributed across its controller nodes. Use the following procedures to backup and restore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state of Runtime Fabric is distributed across its controller nodes. Use the following procedures to back up and restore
```

> The state of Runtime Fabric is distributed across its controller nodes. Use the following procedures to backup and restore

Reviewer: Not sure what this sentence means: The state of Runtime Fabric is distributed across its controller nodes.
